In this video I'll demonstrate how to use the different TCAP piece tax that are available in these fairs
6.5.
So I'm going to start by navigating two hosts and Klosters and I'm going to pick my first ESX host here
and under configure we can see networking and TCAP IP configuration and other TCAP IP configuration.
We can see the default TCAP IP stack.
You can see the provisioning TZP IP stack and we can see the emotion TCAP IP stack.
So these are the three TCAP IP stacks that we have in here.
By default I've got our little edit button up here a little pencil icon that we can click on to configure
things like for example a different DNS server.
Under routing we can configure a different default gateway.
And so let's just kind of think about what we have here.
What we can do for Wii motion in this case is set a different default gateway set a different DNS server.
And so if I want to direct my VM ocean traffic over some different physical network I can do that by
placing it on a different TCAP IP stack then my default with IP stack which has a different DNS server
a different default gateway.
And that's the purpose of these different TCAP IP stacks.
So we see here our Wii motion TCAP IP stack and if we go under networking and we take a look at our
VM kernel adapters here here we see a management VM kernel port.
Let's take a quick look at this VM kernel port and we don't want to show you here is under the VM kernel
ports themselves we have the ability to change the TCAP IP stack.
So if I were to create an additional VM kernel port let's add in a new VM kernel port and let's just
pretend that this VM kernel port is going to be dedicated specifically to the motion.
So I'm going to pick which network to place does VM kernel Poorna just pick a network at random here.
And I'll hit next.
Now in real life you wouldn't pick a network at random.
You put it on the appropriate the Lamb.
So here's why the motion VM kernel port.
Then here I can go ahead and say OK for this particular VM kernel port I'm going to choose a different
TCAP IP stack.
The VM motion TZP IP stack.
So as I establish new VM kernel Porus I can choose the appropriate IP stack that supports those services
and basically force that VM kernel ports traffic over a different network.
And you can even create your own custom TCAP IP stacks and vees for 6.5.
So that's what you really need to understand for the exam is the fact that we have these different TCAP
IP stacks available now.
Are Here are two TCAP IP configuration and by default we have our default ECPA IP stack which is used
for everything provisioning and then our Wii motion TCAP IP stack.
And again the motion traffic is all going to go through the false stack unless I specifically go to
that VM kernel part and tell it to use the Wii motion TCAP IP stack.